today I want to see what I can sell my
old iphone 4 by scraping a classified
listing I'll start an agent from the
search results page then create a list
of items I'll just name it items
and I'll add their prices
and when I save this I can refine it by
highlighting the extracted results that
I want because I just want to deal in
whole dollars i'll just select the 330
it's save and there you see the date is
coming in how I want it I'm going to add
a column for the seller's location and
finally I'll grab the time listed as
well
again I'm going to refine the data to
just what I want by highlighting it and
hitting save there you can see my data
being populated I'll test the agent
and when I start you'll see the data
coming in but notice it's only pulling
the results from the first page so let
me pull this down for a second and show
you a little better how I can get to
subsequent pages I'll click Next and
create a list pager from this page when
i hit ok i'll test it one more time and
you'll see this time when I test it it's
going to pull data at the bottom you see
it coming in he goes to the next page
pulls the data and continues to hit next
next next and pulls the data results
I'll hit stop so you can actually save
this agent and run it in the web console
will name it iphone search
and when I hit run now a little Q for
just a couple of seconds and start
running now you'll see the data coming
in let me show you a few more results
per page and now you have it there's the
data I could publish it I could export
it I'm going to throw it on a schedule
here and you can see you can do it on
whatever interval you want I'll just
leave it at hourly and we are done